
1. DataType
    Data types specify the different sizes and values that can be stored in the variable.
    There are two types of data types in Java:
        a. Primitive data types:
            In Java language, primitive data types are the building blocks of data manipulation.
            These are the most basic data types available in Java language.
            The primitive data types include boolean, char, byte, short, int, long, float and double.
        b. Non-primitive data types:
            The non-primitive data types include Classes, Interfaces, and Arrays.
            The non-primitive data types include Classes, Interfaces, and Arrays.

2. Variable
    A variable is a container which holds the value while the Java program is executed.
    A variable is assigned with a data type.
    Variable is a name of memory location.
    There are three types of variables in java:
        a. Local Variable
            A variable declared inside the body of the method is called local variable.
            You can use this variable only within that method and the other methods in the class aren't even aware that the variable exists.
            A local variable cannot be defined with "static" keyword.
        b. Instance Variable
            A variable declared inside the class but outside the body of the method, is called an instance variable.
            It is not declared as static.
            It is called an instance variable because its value is instance-specific and is not shared among instances.
        c. Static variable
            A variable that is declared as static is called a static variable.
            It cannot be local.
            You can create a single copy of the static variable and share it among all the instances of the class.
            Memory allocation for static variables happens only once when the class is loaded in the memory.

3. Literal
    Literals in Java are a synthetic representation of boolean, character, numeric, or string data.
    They are a means of expressing particular values within a program.
    They are constant values that directly appear in a program and can be assigned now to a variable.
    Literals in Java are typically classified into six types and then into various sub-types.
    Types of Literals in Java:
        The primary literal types are:
            1. Integral Literals
                Integral literals consist of digit sequences and are broken down into these sub-types:
                    Decimal Integer:
                        Decimal integers use a base ten and digits ranging from 0 to 9. They can have a negative (-) or a positive (+), but non-digit characters or commas aren’t allowed between characters. Example: 2022, +42, -68.
                    Octal Integer:
                        Octal integers use a base eight and digits ranging from 0 to 7. Octal integers always begin with a “0.” Example: 007, 0295.
                    Hexa-Decimal:
                        Hexa-decimal integers work with a base 16 and use digits from 0 to 9 and the characters of A through F. The characters are case-sensitive and represent a 10 to 15 numerical range. Example: 0xf, 0xe.
                    Binary Integer:
                        Binary integers uses a base two, consisting of the digits “0” and “1.” The prefix “0b” represents the Binary system. Example: 0b11011.
            2. Floating-Point Literals
                Floating-point literals are expressed as exponential notations or as decimal fractions.
                They can represent either a positive or negative value, but if it’s not specified, the value defaults to positive.
                Floating-point literals come in these formats:
                    Floating:
                        Floating format single precision (4 bytes) end with an “f” or “F.” Example: 4f.
                        Floating format double precision (8 bytes) end with a “d” or “D.” Example: 3.14d.
                    Decimal:
                        This format uses 0 through 9 and can have either a suffix or an exponent. Example: 99638.440.
                    Decimal in Exponent form:
                        The exponent form may use an optional sign,
                        such as a "-," and an exponent indicator,
                        such as "e" or "E." Example: 456.5f.
            3. Char Literals
               Character (Char) literals are expressed as an escape sequence or a character,
               enclosed in single quote marks, and always a type of character in Java.
               Char literals are sixteen-bit Unicode characters ranging from 0 to 65535.
               Example: char ch = 077.
            4. String Literals
               String literals are sequences of characters enclosed between double quote ("") marks.
               These characters can be alphanumeric, special characters, blank spaces, etc.
               Examples: "John", "2468", "\n", etc.
            5. Boolean Literals
                Boolean literals represent the logical value of either true or false.
                These values aren't case-sensitive and are equally valid if rendered in uppercase or lowercase mode.
                Boolean literals can also use the values of “0” and “1.”
                Boolean literals have only two values and so are divided into two literals:
                    True represents a real boolean value
                    False represents a false boolean value
                Examples:
                    boolean b = true;
                    boolean d = false;
            6. Null Literals
                Null literals represent a null value and refer to no object.
                Nulls are typically used as a marker to indicate that a reference type object isn’t available.
                They often describe an uninitialized state in the program.
                It is a mistake to try to dereference a null value.
                Example: Patient age = NULL;
            Remember, not everyone divides literals in Java into these six types.
            Alternative classifications split literals into as few as four types (Integer, Character, Boolean, and String)
            or as many as ten (Integer, Real, Backslash, Character, String, Floating-Point, Boolean, NULL, Class, and Invalid).


